Rework rotationAllowed edge parameter to reachOrientationBeforeEntering (#416)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

*maxSpeed* | m/s | float64 | Permitted maximum speed on the edge. <br>Speed is defined by the fastest measurement of the vehicle.
*maxHeight* | m | float64 | Permitted maximum height of the vehicle, including the load, on the edge.
*minHeight* | m | float64 | Permitted minimal height of the load handling device on the edge.

> *orientation* | rad | float64 | Orientation of the AGV on the edge. The value `orientationType` defines if it has to be interpreted relative to the global project-specific map coordinate system or tangential to the edge. In case of interpreted tangential to the edge, 0.0 denotes driving forwards and PI denotes driving backwards. <br>Example: orientation Pi/2 rad will lead to a rotation of 90 degrees.<br><br>If the AGV starts in a different orientation, rotate the vehicle on the edge to the desired orientation, if `reachOrientationBeforeEntering` is set to "false".<br>If `reachOrientationBeforeEntering` is "true", rotate before entering the edge.<br>If that is not possible, reject the order.<br><br>If no trajectory is defined, apply the rotation to the direct path between the two connecting nodes of the edge.<br>If a trajectory is defined for the edge, apply the orientation to the trajectory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orientation of the AGV on the edge. The value `orientationType` defines **whether** it shall be interpreted relative to the global project-specific map coordinate system or tangential to the trajectory of the edge. In case of tangential to the the trajectory, 0.0 denotes driving forwards and PI denotes driving backwards. <br>Example: orientation Pi/2 rad may lead to a rotation of 90 degrees.<br><br>If the AGV starts in a different orientation, and if `reachOrientationBeforeEntering` is set to "false", rotate the vehicle on the edge to the desired orientation.<br>If `reachOrientationBeforeEntering` is "true", rotate before entering the edge.<br>If this is not possible, the order shall be rejected.<br><br>If no trajectory is defined, apply the orientation and any rotation to the direct path between the two connecting nodes of the edge.<br>
```
